Testing phases:

1. Test that save,restore,save produces the same result twice.  This 
   should locate the most blatant save/restore errors.  Compile Bochs
   with debugger, boot up a disk image to some arbitrary point and
   press control-C.  Then type
     save-state "check1"
     restore-state "check1"
     save-state "check2"
   Then, use diff to compare the files in the check1 and check2 directories.
   There should be no differences.
   STATUS:
   - many panics during CPU param registration
   - memory and CPU registration are still commented in CVS.  In my
     local copy I enabled them, but I had to disable registration
     of dbg_dirty_pages in misc_mem.cc because it was taking forever.
   - only one difference found, in ata.0.master.present.  This may be
     happening because of side effects in a handler, but we haven't
     been able to explain it yet.

2. Test that a saved checkpoint can be restored later within the same
   Bochs run.  This is considerably easier than the most general case
   because it guarantees the same machine configuration, memory size,
   open files, etc.  Compile Bochs with debugger, boot up a disk image
   to some arbitrary point and press control-C.  Then we can check at
   a microscopic scale or a macroscopic scale.

   a) This procedure tests, one an instruction-by-instruction level,
      whether execution after a checkpoint follows the same path as
      the original execution.  Save state and step one instruction, save state
      and step, etc.  Then restore to the first recorded checkpoint, save
      state to a different file and step, save state and step, etc.
      In the debugger, type:
        save-state "c1"
	step
        save-state "c2"
	step
        save-state "c3"
	step
        save-state "c4"
	step
        save-state "c5"
	restore-state "c1"
	save-state "c1new"
	step
        save-state "c2new"
	step
        save-state "c3new"
	step
        save-state "c4new"
	step
        save-state "c5new"
      The checkpoints c1 and c1new should be identical, c2 and c2new should
      be identical, etc.
      STATUS:
      - c1 and c1new differ only in ata.0.master.present, as in phase 1.
      - c2 and c2new: significant differences within CPU

   b) Instead of looking one instruction at a time, just continue and
      see if everything looks and works right on the VGA screen.
        start bochs, press control-C at some point
        save-state "c1"
	continue
	wait a while, press control-C
	restore-state "c1"
	continue
      The simulation should jump back to the earlier point.
      STATUS:
      - on restore, CPU panic: prefetch: running in bogus memory
      - on restore, CPU panic: exception(): 3rd (14) exception with no
	resolution

3. Test that you can save state, quit Bochs, restart with the same
   configuration, restore state again, and continue.  This is a lot 
   like phase 2, except that we actually quit the entire simulator
   between the save and the restore.  This would find problems if we
   have accidently saved a pointer or something.  Still, since the
   configuration is the same, this is simpler than if we have to deal
   with reallocating memory, or closing and reopening files and devices.
   Compile Bochs with debugger, run with a disk image and then:
     press control-C to interrupt
     save-state "s1"
     quit    (immediately, do not step or continue any further)
     start bochs again with identical bochsrc
     restore-state "s2"
     step or continue, and see if it restored properly

4. Test that you can save state with one bochsrc, quit Bochs, restart with a
   totally different configuration, restore state again, and continue.  This
   tests whether we can close files and devices and open the new ones,
   reallocate new memory structures if they have changed size, etc.
   Same as #3 except that you have a very different bochsrc when you first
   start simulation.  The restore-state should replace the configuration 
   with the configuration that was saved in the checkpoint.

5. Test that a checkpoint file can be sent to another computer, running
   a different operating system, possibly with different endian, and
   that you can restore the simulation and run.  We would only expect
   this to work if the disk images are copied exactly, and they must
   be accessible with the same path names.  The Bochs version must match
   as well.

6. Eventually we may need to deal with restoring from a different Bochs
   version or configuration than the original.  For example, a user may
   send a bug report with a checkpoint file, and the developer may not
   be able to exactly duplicate the Bochs version and configure options.
   It would be useful if it is still possible to load the state file
   into the developer's Bochs, despite minor differences in which
   devices exist, etc.
